Rework Tarantool CLI options and default behaviour (#8711)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8613-stop-running-repl-by-default.md

## feature/cli

> * Stop running Lua REPL by default and yield the message with usage (gh-8613).

Reviewer: It would be convenient to have the information in the initial ticket on how to achieve the old behavior (use `--repl` option?).

Author: Added this line:
> To run Lua REPL just set `-i` flag.

> * Stop running Lua REPL by default and yield the message with usage (gh-8613).

Author: Fixed, thanks!

## feature/cli

* **[Behavior change]** Disabled starting the Lua REPL by default when running
  Tarantool. Now, Tarantool yields the message that shows the command usage.

>   To run Lua REPL just set `-i` flag. To pass Lua script contents via stdin,
>   use dash (-) as a SCRIPT name. For more info see help message by running
>   `tarantool -h` (gh-8613).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To run the Lua REPL, set the `-i` flag. To pass a Lua script contents via `stdin`,
  use dash (`-`) as the script name. For more information, see a help message by running
  `tarantool -h` (gh-8613).
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
